[VAULT-1441] Fix race that allowed remounting on path used by another mount (#11453)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/11453.txt

```release-note:bug

> core: Fix for concurrent remounting of mount table entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
core: Fix race that allowed remounting on path used by another mount
```
